so hello and welcome to
my today a video review this
jersey with full man first pure with
Knowledge only from
fully automatic coffee machines, too
deliver frothed milk and now
Let's take a look at this device for years
that was much smaller than it was on the
impression was made but it is yes
ultimately only in milk foam
he fits the size already so she that
then haue has to prove here
kettles are small
then let's see what the thing is
so you can see max is down there
speaks there is not really much
bring in milk is now too
everything you need to use the device
In principle, knowledge must stand on one
second press the power button for
hot milk and three seconds for cold
milk filled
and just press it for a second
so now almost finished execution
how lethargy lasted
so then we look how hot I am
already is
so he has 70 degrees it is not
really hot on the touch
probably that here to chill
from now on we should pour again
gently
presse.de not so nice but now
we have a perfect one here
layered latte macchiato though
with a lot of foam and little milk
but of course the tastier
for each of the mixed funds I am
was very firm the reunion goes
then that's pretty easy too
wash everything once here is enough
to rinse it off once you have to
with maps in
The device is never important
somehow dive into the water
no case of chronicle in it
just like that, it just gets annoying
makes and then quickly
dry off then we will look
Look again at the cold milk like that
Now we press the button three times
seconds then should be in the cold milk
Clear everything lights up below
that shows still blue and red like that
means now the card is gone
but otherwise looks
the one with excitement
see also finally has the
Shocked me on the prognos
once on
yes that is a bit natural now
liquid less foam me than
So just keep blowing the bubbles
milk stirred so I would rather and
use warm milk of course
but otherwise everything would be
Judgment that is of course just one
super decorative milk so clean up the
can also be found in the pilots of
inlingua goes well with all other
equipment and what you need for yourself
so that wants to make a clear space or
macchiato and lets decide
cappuccino or whatever
maybe just foaming
milk with syrup or so drink super
no awareness can not do anything
the team is only there to leave it
work that takes two minutes
then it is ready in any case
in my opinion, after all that
cleaning does this kick you
here the whole just does not solve that
here is a lid firmly integrated that
tomorrow will be the coffee troups or something
the cleaning is cuts and
of course, if you are complicated
Dairy products always works
Immediately afterwards do not make overnight
and all day on the stand
Of course, you can also do the next day
but make healthier hygiene for that
just to do that immediately then go
it is also clean faster if
you can spend it day in and over
I find this cold milk foam
not so convincing but warm
It was definitely a pretty one
cool experience and I rarely have
better foam seen i just believe
my piccola he does not have similar good ones
watch
and yes, I think you saw something
the part can be used as it is
Simplified press a button with it
test button pressed for more informed of
maximum hold so
the 70 milliliters rheine is also available
drop description more accurate
Wait a bit and artfully quiet in
So you have the application
is not super loud so all around
we have to look successful
that in price is what is by then
definitely on a handle and
a year of joint recommendations and
When I am back I am quite a lot
have fun with it soon and bye